Readme.adoc, before:

https://github.com/gradle/jfr-polyfill/blob/master/LICENSE[image:https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv2%20%2B%20Classpath%20exception-blue[License]]
https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:org.gradle%20AND%20a:jfr-polyfill[image:https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/org.gradle/jfr-polyfill.svg?label=Maven%20Central[Maven Central]]
https://github.com/gradle/jfr-polyfill/actions/workflows/verify.yml[image:https://github.com/gradle/jfr-polyfill/actions/workflows/verify.yml/badge.svg?branch=master[GitHub Workflow Status]]

= JFR Polyfill
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JDK_Flight_Recorder[JDK Flight Recorder (JFR)] is a high performance event recorder built into the Java virtual machine.
It was open sourced with OpenJDK 11 and then back-ported to OpenJDK 8.

The `jfr-polyfill` library is a no-op polyfill implementation of the `jdk.jfr.*` interfaces and classes.
The goal is to enable projects to add JFR events to their codebase without dropping support for old JDKs that don't support JFR.
The polyfill will not provide any recordings on unsupported JDKs, but it will prevent `ClassNotFoundError`.

If you want to know more, read the <<docs/jdk_jfr_support_investigation.adoc#investigation, investigation>> into which JDKs support JFR, and how you can validate your own JDKs.

== Usage Instructions

Just add `jfr-polyfill` as a dependency, it will serve as fallback implementation when JFR is not available.
If native JFR is available, it is on the boot classpath and will take priority over the polyfill.


== Contributing

This project adheres to the https://gradle.org/conduct/[Gradle Code of Conduct]. By participating, you are expected to uphold this code.

Commit message:

Update release process in the readme

Readme.adoc, after:

https://github.com/gradle/jfr-polyfill/blob/master/LICENSE[image:https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv2%20%2B%20Classpath%20exception-blue[License]]
https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:org.gradle.jfr.polyfill%20AND%20a:jfr-polyfill[image:https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/org.gradle/jfr-polyfill.svg?label=Maven%20Central[Maven Central]]
https://github.com/gradle/jfr-polyfill/actions/workflows/verify.yml[image:https://github.com/gradle/jfr-polyfill/actions/workflows/verify.yml/badge.svg?branch=master[GitHub Workflow Status]]

= JFR Polyfill
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JDK_Flight_Recorder[JDK Flight Recorder (JFR)] is a high performance event recorder built into the Java virtual machine.
It was open sourced with OpenJDK 11 and then back-ported to OpenJDK 8.

The `jfr-polyfill` library is a no-op polyfill implementation of the `jdk.jfr.*` interfaces and classes.
The goal is to enable projects to add JFR events to their codebase without dropping support for old JDKs that don't support JFR.
The polyfill will not provide any recordings on unsupported JDKs, but it will prevent `ClassNotFoundError`.

If you want to know more, read the <<docs/jdk_jfr_support_investigation.adoc#investigation, investigation>> into which JDKs support JFR, and how you can validate your own JDKs.

== Usage Instructions

Just add `org.gradle.jfr.polyfill:jfr-polyfill` (https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:org.gradle.jfr.polyfill%20AND%20a:jfr-polyfill[latest version]) as a dependency, it will serve as fallback implementation when JFR is not available.
If native JFR is available, it is on the boot classpath and will take priority over the polyfill.

== Contributing

This project adheres to the https://gradle.org/conduct/[Gradle Code of Conduct]. By participating, you are expected to uphold this code.

== Releasing

Only for Gradle employees with access to TeamCity.

1. Make sure that the version you want to release ist set in `gradle.properties`
2. Update the <<changes>> section below
3. Push the changes to the `master` branch on GitHub
4. Wait until the https://github.com/gradle/jfr-polyfill/actions/workflows/verify.yml[verify workflow] has run successfully
5. Go to the https://builds.gradle.org/buildConfiguration/OpenSourceProjects_JfrPolyfill_PublishJfrPolyfill[Publish JFR Polyfill] job on the commit you want to release. This job publishes everything to the Maven Central staging repository.
6. https://s01.oss.sonatype.org/#stagingRepositories[Login to Sonatype], close the staging repository after reviewing its contents.
7. Release the staging repository.
8. Tag the commit you just release with the version number `git tag -s VERSION -m "Tag VERSION release" && git push --tags`
9. Go to the https://github.com/gradle/jfr-polyfill/releases[Releases section on GitHub] and create a new release using the tag you just pushed. Copy the release notes from the <<changes>> section into the release description.
10. Bump the version in the `gradle.properties` to the next snapshot version. Push the change to master branch.


[[changes]]
== Changes

=== 1.0.0 - Initial release
